Who is your friend, O God?
Who in your tent may dwell?
Who gains your friendship?
Who gains your trust?
Who really knows you well?
All who embrace your Word,
All who have faith in you,
All who are loyal, all who are just,
Living the truth for you.
Who is your friend, O God?
Who may approach your throne?
Who brings delight and Makes you rejoice?
Whose name to you is known?
All who exalt your name,
All who your Word obey,
All who are faithful, honest in heart,
Truthful in all they say.
Rolling our cares on you,
Baring our hearts in prayer,
Drawing us closer, bonding in love,
Feeling your daily care,
We yearn to be your friend.
Long may our friendship grow.
No greater Friend could we ever gain,
No greater Friend we’ll know.